# In Memory of Shuli Goodman

Dear community and friends,

I thought it might be a good idea for us all to gather our thoughts, memories and stories of Shuli and what she meant to us in one place. Please add your contribution below via a [pull request](https://github.com/lf-energy/memorials/edit/main/shuli-goodman.md).

## John Mertic

I've had the pleasure and honor on working with Shuli in growing the LF Energy Foundation over the past few years. Shuli was always passionate towards her vision of open source being the solution to the climate challenge in front of our society. But it was more than just professional passion; her passionate was personally drove her, and up to her last days she was constantly pushing forward towards that vision. Her relentless drive is the reason LF Energy has gotten to the level of success it has achieved and is well setup for the future.

I only met Shuli one time in person, and this was at an LF offsite after we had been working together for quite some time. I remember it fondly because during that conversation, I recieved a phone call that my brother had died. Shuli immediately consoled me, showing sympathy and support, and checking in on me regularly in the weeks that followed to make sure I'm ok. Another time, after a series of summer storms that knocked power out for my home for several days, she sent me an emergency lantern and power pack. She would start many of our conversations while she was battling cancer with "How are you doing John? Are you doing ok with all of this?" This is the side of Shuli I truly admire - that she was not just a great visionary, but a human that truly loved and cared about the people around her.

I'll miss Shuli immensely, from the long and winding conversations we would have, us sharing stories of our lives and families, and us working through the various challenges faced while I supported her in growing LF Energy. My biggest sadness for her leaving this world too soon is that for all the hard work she put into this foundation, that she won't be here in person to see it all come together. However, I do know that she will be with us all and this foundation in spirit as it grows to new heights.

## Dan Brown

My first interaction with Shuli was in July of 2018 when I was helping with the announcement of the launch of LF Energy. I was lucky enough to work with her part time on communications for LFE after the launch. When I left the Linux Foundation the following year for a PR agency, Shuli quickly reached out and asked if she could hire me to keep doing PR for the foundation. I remember vividly introducing her on the phone to my team; after the call one of the team members said something along the lines of "this lady is either crazy or a genius." That was Shuli to a tee; she always had so many ideas and so much knowledge that it could be hard to keep track and get her to explain it all in a way a layperson could understand. While that could rub some people the wrong way I always loved it as I learned something new every single time I spoke to her. 

The first time I met Shuli in person was at Open Source Summit 2018 in Edinburgh. LF Energy hosted its first developer summit at that event, and I helped schedule some media interviews for Shuli. I recall one of the interviews was back to back with an interview I was staffing with another LF spokesperson - and at a different location - so I had to sprint to make it on time. I arrived at the hotel bar where we were to meet the journalist to find Shuli sitting in a huge neon green booth sipping on a cup of tea. She could see I had sprinted there so told me to relax and take a load off. The journalist was late so we proceeded to have a lovely conversation about family, life, the climate, and her dreams for LF Energy. She always made you feel at ease, and when you were talking to her, she would listen intently as if you were the most important person in the world. That's a rare skill that I will miss terribly.

I was again privileged last year when Shuli and John reached out to say LF Energy was in a position to hire a full time marketing and comms lead and to ask if I would be interested in the role. I jumped at the chance to work with Shuli full time finally and help her move her vision for the organization forward. I'm just sorry that it was for such a short amount of time, just over 4 months, before we lost her. During that short time though I've watched her shepherd this organization into a position where it's ready to skyrocket and truly make a significant impact on the energy transition and decarbonization. Shuli seemed to know everyone in the industry and just about everything about power systems; there truly is no one like her and there never will be again. My life is fuller for Shuli having been in it, and I'll never forget her intellect, passion, and energy. She was probably the most purpose-driven individual I've ever met and I am so sad she will not be here to see LF Energy make its full impact on the world. But when that does happen it will all be thanks to Shuli Goodman. 

## Nicolas Höning

Shuli helped to onboard our FlexMeasures project into LF Energy. Her optimism and pragmatism was convincing and made the decision easy. It was always great talking to her, she was swift with her thoughts, very constructive for the mission, but also kept a personal tone and added her own distinct humor. She was truly a one-of-a-kind person and a leader who made you feel confident.

I did not have as many interactions with her as many others who have been with LF Energy longer, so I'll keep this brief. There are not many people who after just a few meetings will leave such a distinct memory, and the feeling of loss.

## Mark McGranaghan

Shuli was an inspiration with her passion and perseverance to make open source software part of the solution for the challenges facing our planet. I share this passion for the role of open source software and I was delighted to help spread the word for LF Energy and support the mission within EPRI. I continue to believe in the mission and direction of LF Energy. Shuli’s energy has left a legacy that it is our duty to build on. Thanks for everything Shuli.
